# Web Portfolio

I would like my portfolio to be a place where I can display all of my prouder coding achievements. I already have them posted on websites like GitHub and itch.io, but I think it would be easier for people looking for my work to be able to see it all in one location as opposed to going to multiple different websites. I would also like to add a more humanizing aspect to this portfolio. Resumes often feel impersonal and cold, I would like to add the warmth back into my portfolio with a taste of my personality. I did this by making the home page a sort of about me section, including who I am, what I do, my background, and some interests of mine. I added a page that allows people interested in getting hold of me a chance to do so. At first, I was debating just adding my email to the portfolio, but I am not too keen on the idea of my school email being out in the open for anyone to access. For that reason, I utilized a Bootstrap form that allows a user to enter their email and the message they would like to send to me with a submit button. That way I will still get all of the messages, but my email will still be private to the public. It will not stop spam emails, but I doubt I would get enough traffic for that in the first place. For right now, I want the color scheme to be the simple black and white, just because it is clean and reliable. If I was not including a picture of me in the portfolio, I would maybe go for a more daring color scheme, but since I have certain colors in the picture, I do not want them to clash with the website. 
